some recipes call for nuts with the
skins on and others call for recipes
with the skins off so I'm going to show
you how to remove the skins from some
hazelnuts and you can do this with any
kind of nut that has a skin so the first
step
super easy just put the nuts on a baking
sheet and you want to smooth them out so
they're in one layer and then you put
them in the other and it should be at
about 350 or 375 degrees and you just
want to put them in there for about 15
minutes checking them every once in a
while until they're toasty and brown the
hazelnuts are out of the oven
they're nice and toasty Brown I let them
cool for a few minutes so they wouldn't
burn me and now I'm gonna dump them onto
a clean kitchen towel so I'm gonna wrap
these guys up in the towel and then
start rolling them around you can be
fairly aggressive you're just you're
just rubbing the skins off with the
towel has the sort of abrasion factor so
now let's see how they're doing I'm
gonna check on them ha we're getting
there see how these skins are just
rubbing right off now you can actually
just kind of finish them up bits where
you see the scans are being stubborn
you smell pretty amazing
you may have a few or more stubborn than
others but not the end of the world to
have a little bit of skin left on so now
you can see you've got some beautiful
skin less hazelnuts just separate the
ones out there without skins and then
you can keep going at it with the rest
of them so that's it you've got skinned
toasted hazelnuts